Create rule S6781: JWT secret keys should not be disclosed (#3101)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6781/python/rule.adoc

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/rationale.adoc[]

=== What is the potential impact?

If a JWT secret key leaks to an unintended audience, it can have serious
security implications for the corresponding application. The secret key is used

> to encode and decode JWTs when using a symmetric signing algorithm so that an

Reviewer: The phrasing here doesn't feel natural to me. The words "so that" create implication that the key's interaction with the signing algorithm is what leads to the malicious actions.

The small change below makes it clear that the malicious actions are related to how the key is used, but not a direct consequence of how the key is used.

```suggestion
to encode and decode JWTs when using a symmetric signing algorithm, and an
```

attacker could potentially use it to perform malicious actions.

For example, an attacker could use the secret key to create their own
authentication tokens that appear to be legitimate, allowing them to bypass
authentication and gain access to sensitive data or functionality.

> In the worst-case scenario, an attacker could be able to execute arbitrary code
> on the application and take over its hosting server.

Reviewer: I don't think that it's accurate to say that a leaked JWT key can potentially lead to an RCE.

I can only find one public example where a JWT is said to cause an RCE, and that's CVE-2022-23529. That CVE was ultimately rejected because it wasn't the exploit that it was made out to be. In order to exploit the vulnerable code, the attacker would already need to have a means of creating an object that contains arbitrary malicious code. The only role that the vulnerable JWT library played was to call the `.toString()` function on this object.

I think that we need to make it clearer that the worst case outcome is due to spoofing a high level of access using the leaked key.

```suggestion
In the worst-case scenario, an attacker could spoof administrative access and
use their elevated rights as part of a wider attack, such as running arbitrary
code or taking over the hosting server.
```

Reviewer 2: The intention here is not to say that the JWT token itself is vulnerable to code execution but that the admin access might give you the option to execute code.
